who was born at the union remembers these
machines where there was soda here you can
It was to buy a mouth mouth am cup 5
kopecks threw you a glass of effervescent
nice drink and so I want to
share with you the same recipe this
I have his own home-made lemonade
calls here this original product from
elderberry blossoms can be made from flowers
acacia can be made from tea petals
roses
This is a non-alcoholic product. Well, maybe
to be that dream that is so much as in kefir
let's say or else but it's here it is not
beer is not very good
nice drink nothing call it
kvas kvass who who who lemonade lemonade yes
This bottle was closed at
last year in the month of May when it blossomed
acacia
I just want to show you first and then
I'll tell you at the end of the video a recipe like this
the class is done means when you
fill it up
the gases that accumulate there serve and
the bottle is very very tense 5
centimeters do not need 57 centimeters not
refill open here you need to open
at once completely as if to the maximum
pressure quickly came out of here
because if you are a little bit
open up you will open up very and
highly
and so literally literally three or four
here we will open the bottle and
Immediately try I want to say that here
it is here a little bit there are such
on the surface you see yes it is so
Normally this is the remnants of flowering flowers
literally one more minute and we will
Try and for now I will do it for you
I will say about the recipe so we take 10 liters
your usual cold boiled out
well
preferably ally if anyone in town
will make the flower do not recommend tearing
within the city wilderness go somewhere for
the city so they were without exhaust
of everything, everything
Here we take 10 liters of water
I'll look at the recipe for a bit
deny buds of elderberry blossoms when
it blooms or 50 flowers with acacia
completely here these twigs
twigs bunch 10 liters of water pour
these 10 liters of water, these inflorescences
in the evening and put up for the night on the can somewhere
in the watch 6 so put on the night in
dark place or days not sunny
place then somewhere
in the morning of an hour 11 that so 12 is closer to
dinner, we filter it all here flowers
cast aside into this water
add about 1 and 7 kilograms
sugar if you quit 2 there will be many
very sweet 17 kilograms of sugar here
two tablespoons of citric acid without
slides tablespoons of citric acid
no slides and one kilogram 700 grams
sugar it all mix well salt
bottles without refilling remember yes very
twist well and lay in the cold
a place can be in the basement can be somewhere here
such a position for two or three months after
of this
drink is ready to drink here it is
we stood for one year we still have we
last year did a lot
300 liters so he does not lose his
qualities
he doesn't lose any here
these i'm pouring it this is the most
us kids just adore it this how we x
wife i will repeat call him
homemade lemonade super all sweaters
bon appetit and good success in
of life